Updated datalab issue type description for non iid issue (#1102)
cleanlab/cleanlab: docs/source/cleanlab/datalab/guide/issue_type_description.rst

The Non-IID issue is detected based on provided `features` or `knn_graph`. If you do not provide one of these arguments, this type of issue will not be considered.

> The Non-IID issue is a dataset-level check, not a per-datapoint level check. The per-datapoint aspect is just highlighting which datapoints most significantly contribute to this dataset-level issue - there is not necessarily something specifically wrong with these datapoints.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Non-IID issue is really a dataset-level check, not a per-datapoint level check (either a dataset violates the IID assumption or it doesn't). The per-datapoint scores returned for Non-IID issues merely highlight which datapoints you might focus on to better understand this dataset-level issue - there is not necessarily something specifically wrong with these specific datapoints.
```
